"Dear Mayor Housman,
I regret to inform you
I have no descendant with the
name Charlotte E. Firobisher."
He's... denied me.
It can't be...
Princess Charlotte!
How could he do that?
I don't understand.
Why would my father
choose to deny his daughter?
Now my mother's wish
will never be granted.
It's all his fault!
What'll I do now?!
[sobbing]
I'm so sorry, Charlotte...
Isn't there anything
we can do, Mayor Housman?
[HOUSMAN]
I'm afraid not.
He's requested that
we turn the girls in to him.
If we don't comply, our
relationship with the Empire
could fall to pieces.
[gasping]
We can't do that!
If we turn them over to him,
they'll be severely punished!
No matter what he says,
I believe Charlotte is the
Emperor's daughter.
For whatever reason, they're
trying to deny her legitimacy--
they're in the wrong here, sir!
Listen, Cambell, we're not
saying we side with the Emperor,
we're simply saying we have
to comply with his orders.
But why, sir?
Why can't we just refuse
to hand them over to him?
We can keep Charlotte safe here.
The Knight Guards
can protect her!
I'm truly sorry,
but I cannot allow that.
Give me one good reason why.
The Emperor has labeled
these girls as criminals
and is demanding their arrest.
If I refuse and decide
to harbor them here,
I have no doubt
he'll attack our city.
Well, maybe so, but that's
a risk we should be
willing to take in
order to save them!
Cambell! That's enough!
This is a delicate
political situation;
you wouldn't understand.
[CECILY]
But Captain!
If we're not careful,
this could cause us
to go to war with the Empire!
--[gasps]
--It's serious business.
No, I refuse to give up.
Hey, Aria.
Do you remember the day
I fought Jack Strader?
And what I vowed to do
from that day forward?
Yes. I remember it very clearly.
You vowed to protect everyone!
If you won't
protect them, I will!
[LUCY]
What's the matter, Charlotte?
You haven't even touched your
dinner. Do you not like it?
I don't have much
of an appetite.
Aw, c'mon, Princess! Cheer up!
Try some of this meat!
I promise you'll love it!
Excuse me.
Charlotte, dear.
Wait! Princess!
[CHARLOTTE sobbing]
[DORIS]
Please don't cry.
I'm sure this was all
just a misunderstanding.
[MARGOT]
Doris is right.
The Emperor would
never purposefully hurt
his own daughter.
[PENELOPE] We're going
to protect you, Princess.
There's no need for you
to worry about anything, okay?
Don't cry. We hate
to see you upset.
[sobbing continues]
[grunts]
[DORIS] Come on, Cecily!
That's pathetic!
We haven't even gotten
to any tough training yet.
I don't know how
you're gonna cut it
if you can't even make it
through the basics.
So you're telling me
you do this stuff every day?
Yeah, dummy! I need strength.
Or else I can't protect
the people I care about.
Doris! Check it out!
I found an egg!
This'll make Princess
Charlotte feel better,
you know how she loves 'em!
And the protein in it
will give her energy!
Nice! I'm gonna find more!
One chicken can only lay
so many eggs, Doris!
[DORIS] You can do anything
you set your mind to!
--Anything!
--Wait! Doris!
Cut it out! What're you
gonna do to my chicken?
"I also request extradition
of the impostors,
as they've earned
the wrath of the Empire."
[gasps]
Defect to the Garrison State?
[HOUSMAN] I'm afraid that's
the only option we have left.
[HANNIBAL] The leaders of the
Garrison State said they would
harbor you there
without question.
Never. We're not doing that!
We don't know anything
about the Garrison State!
And we don't wanna leave
this city. We're happy here!
As I have told you girls before,
I will not risk my
city's safety for you.
[gasping]
Captain, it doesn't
seem fair that we're
forcing them to defect!
There has to be some
other way we can help them!
--We've run out of time, Cecily.
--[CECILY] But sir--
[HANNIBAL] The Empire has
already mobilized their army.
In fact, they're sitting outside
the city gates right now.
It may just be for show or
an attempt at intimidation,
but they're positioned to
attack at any moment.
[HOUSMAN]
I hope you understand.
We mustn't give them
reason to attack.
The Empire's army is
much stronger than ours.
[CECILY grunts]
[HOUSMAN] The plan is to return
the four Demon Swords
to the forces waiting outside,
but we'll tell them
you fled the city.
Hopefully, that will give
you ladies a head start.
But what'll happen
if they find out
you actually let us leave, sir?
Well, the Emperor won't be
very pleased with us.
But don't worry about
that now, little lady.
Let's deal with the more
immediate problem first.
When the time comes, the Knight
Guards will be ready for him.
I'm afraid defecting
to the Garrison State
is the best option I can
give you at this time.
I doubt they're gonna just
take us in without a price.
They must want
something in return.
[HOUSMAN] Yes. In exchange for
letting you enter their nation
as fugitives, they ask that
you share all information
you may have on the Empire.
[gasping]
I can't do that. How could I?
The Empire is my homeland.
The nation my mother
was so proud of.
I am sorry.
[CHARLOTTE whimpering]
I can't do it...
Please, Charlotte...
[CHARLOTTE] I thought you were
on our side, Cecily.
Are you betraying us?
No. That's not it.
Our sole purpose for coming
here was to be able to return
to the Empire someday.
[ARIA] I realize that, but going
back isn't an option anymore.
[gasping]
Okay? But why can't we
just stay here forever?
Like the Mayor said, if you
stay, the Empire will attack us.
It's not fair to make Cecily
choose between your lives
and the lives of
Housman's citizens.
You have to leave.
It's the only way you're
guaranteed to survive,
and I don't want
to lose any of you.
[CHARLOTTE]
What kind of life is that?
[gasps]
You're asking me to give up
on my mother's wish
and sell out my homeland.
All this just so my miserable
life might last a little longer?
Don't you see what
you're asking of me?
But Charlotte...
[DORIS]
I've heard enough outta you!
You know how happy Princess
Charlotte has been here,
and you're going to
force her to leave?
She would be miserable
in the Garrison State!
Let's go. They can't help us.
Charlotte, wait!
[LISA]
I feel so bad for them.
Now they're lost
without anywhere to go.
I can certainly relate
to that feeling.
If only they could see. If they
don't go to the Garrison State,
they could end up dead.
I know it's not the best option,
but at least it's something.
[LUKE]
No, I get it.
What do you mean?
[LUKE] Just think about it.
What good is living
if you don't have
anything to live for?
Can you really blame them
for running away?
[CECILY]
But now they're in danger.
I'd rather lose my life
than give up on my dreams.
Then all you can do is
wait for death to come.
Is that what you want for them?
No! What I want is to
find them a peaceful place
where they can
all just live happily.
If you could have seen them.
Eating together,
laughing together...
They were content.
But now... It's not safe for
them to stay in Housman anymore.
They can't go back to the
Empire, and I understand why
they don't want to go to
the Garrison State either.
[LISA]
Maybe I'm weird,
but I'd be happy anywhere
if you three were with me.
I don't think it matters
where you end up as long
as you're with the people
you care about most.
I mean, as long as we can
have tea together everyday,
we could be on the other
side of the world.
Does that make sense?
You're absolutely right.
Thank you, Lisa!
The answer to all their problems
is right in front of them!
[LUKE]
You think they can be convinced?
Yes, I'm sure they can!
[LUKE]
Well, you'd better hurry.
People are known to do stupid
things when they feel like
they're backed into a corner.
Please be careful.
[MARGOT] If we can find
something valuable to take back
to the Emperor,
I'm sure he'll reconsider.
[PENELOPE] We could be sentenced
to death for this, you know.
[DORIS] If that's the way
it's gotta be...
...we have to do what
we can to try and change
the Emperor's mind.
[GROUP] We must protect
Princess Charlotte!
[LUCY]
That's strange.
I thought Cecily would've
made it home by now.
The other girls
aren't back either.
Charlotte, I don't suppose
you know where everyone's
run off to, do you?
No, ma'am. I didn't
even know they were gone.
I hope they're okay out there.
I wouldn't wanna be
stuck in that storm!
You better hurry, Penelope!
[PENELOPE]
Almost got it...
Someone's there!
But that's impossible,
we knocked out all the guards
on our way in!
[gasping]
[DORIS]
Cecily?
How'd you know where to find us?
I guess you could
call it a hunch.
Although I really wish
I had been wrong about it.
It's not too late to stop.
Come back to
the Cambell House with me.
I'm sorry, we can't do that.
Not until we've
tried everything.
We're gonna take Aria and
the Blacksmith to the Emperor.
Once he sees how
valuable they are,
he's sure to welcome
Princess Charlotte back.
[CECILY] Does she even know
about this plan of yours?
It doesn't sound like something
Charlotte would approve of.
[DORIS]
It doesn't matter!
We can't stand her
being so upset.
And we'll do anything
to see her happy again!
Well, breaking the law
isn't gonna help.
If you're not gonna help,
just get out of our way!
There's nothing I can do.
I'm powerless. Just like always.
But now...
...I couldn't care less!
[gasping]
You can either leave
on your own or I can force you.
[growling]
Okay. Then you better
go get your Demon Swords.
It won't be a fair fight if I
have mine and you all don't.
What the hell
are you trying to prove?
[CECILY]
I got no plan here.
But if you choose to fight
against us, you might get hurt.
You know we're much
stronger than you are.
[CECILY]
I'm sure you'll kick my ass.
Then why?
[CECILY]
You just don't get it, do you?
I thought you would've
figured me out by now.
I can be one crazy bitch!
I won't go easy on ya.
Hope you're ready.
Do your worst, Margot.
But you're gonna have
to catch up to me first,
'cause I can also be a coward!
Nobody's fast enough
to outrun Rhomphaia!
Little wind won't hold me back!
Oh, yeah?
Well, then how about this?
[MARGOT grunts]
[yells]
[groaning]
Using Aria like a spear, the
blast shot right through you.
Wonder who I learned
that trick from.
No! Margot!
[MARGOT grunts]
How could you do that to her?!
[grunting]
--Hah!
--[CECILY groans]
[grunts]
There's no way you're ever gonna
beat me in hand to hand combat.
You might as well surrender now.
[CECILY panting]
Damn it, always gotta
do things the hard way!
It's still pouring.
[door creaks]
I went into town and checked
all their usual hang outs,
but they were nowhere
to be found, ma'am.
[LUCY] I wonder where
they could've gone?
I did come across something
strange, our warehouse door
was left open, and some of
the weapons are missing.
[gasps]
You don't think it
could've been a burglar?
Charlotte, where are you going?
[panting]
Doris! Margot! Penelope!
[thunder cracks]
Yeah, nice try!
But your Demon Sword
is powerless against
my bollock dagger!
[CECILY]
Oh, I'm well aware of that.
However, this sword is
capable of a whole lot more
than you'd think, Penelope!
Let's go, Aria!
No way!
[CECILY yelling]
[PENELOPE groaning]
[CECILY] I knew I couldn't beat
you in hand to hand combat.
[PENELOPE groans]
[CECILY] And I couldn't
attack with Aria's
wind powers directly.
So I used her to propel
myself like an arrow.
It's the only thing
I could think to do.
[PENELOPE groans]
Yah! Ah!
I'm sorry.
[DORIS]
Penelope!
Cecily...
How could you?!
Doris. I think it's time
we end this once and for all!
[DORIS]
I couldn't agree more!
Hah!
Doris, no!
[DORIS] I will have Aria,
even if it costs me my life!
[CECILY] The Emperor's not gonna
change his mind just 'cause
you brought him
another Demon Sword!
[DORIS panting]
[CECILY]
I don't wanna fight you, Doris!
Well, you don't have a choice!
It doesn't have to be this way!
Shut up! I'll do
whatever I have to
to make sure Princess
Charlotte is happy!
We're not trying
to be difficult,
but we're desperate here.
Can't you see that?
[CECILY]
Would you snap out of it?!
The Emperor will
never welcome you back!
If anything,
he plans to kill you!
All this fighting
won't get you anywhere!
[DORIS] I said, shut up!
That's not true!
[CECILY] Forget about
going back to the Empire!
Tell Charlotte to drop
the "E" from her name!
Who cares if she's not royalty?!
Focus on what's important!
The four of you finding
happiness somewhere together!
That's what really
matters, right?!
[DORIS growls]
No...
No, that's not enough.
I will make her wish come true!
No matter what!
How can you be so blind?!
[gasps]
Doris! Margot! Penelope!
[CHARLOTTE whimpers]
[CECILY]
Charlotte...
Please defect to
the Garrison State.
No, I can't...
I won't give up on
my mother's wish!
I've lived my entire life
wanting only to prove
our legitimacy. I can't abandon
her now, when I'm so close!
[CECILY] Take a good look
at what's in front of you.
These three have
risked their lives fighting
for your happiness.
But all you can seem to focus on
is your dead mother.
I thought they
were your friends,
but now I see they're
just your servants.
No. That's not true!
They're very important to me!
[CECILY] That's right,
because they're your family.
Let go of the past and start
a new life with them.
But I still feel like I'd be
betraying both the Empire
and my mother's dreams.
Like I'll be forced
to live a life of shame.
No, you'll be living
your own life for once!
[gasps]
Who cares what
anyone else thinks?
As long as the four
of you are together,
you'll be able to find
happiness wherever you go.
That's what it's all about,
Charlotte.
Devoting your life to
the people you care for.
So you really think
I should go through with it.
I think it's the only choice
you have, but if you don't,
you're gonna hafta fight me.
All I ever wanted was to make
my mother's wish come true
so she'd be happy.
I thought chasing her dream
would keep me from losing her.
Do you have any idea
how much I loved her?
[CECILY]
Mm-hmm.
[CHARLOTTE]
Ha...!
[CECILY grunts]
[CHARLOTTE]
Ah!
[CHARLOTTE sobbing]
From this day on, Princess
Charlotte E. Frobisher is dead.
[gasps]
Yeah. It's okay, let it out.
[wailing]
[CECILY] The Emperor's army
took the four Demon Swords
and didn't even ask
your whereabouts.
So you shouldn't have any
problems on your travels.
[CHARLOTTE]
Please thank Mayor Housman
for everything he's done.
And Cecily, I do wanna
apologize again for any trouble
we may have caused you.
Water under the bridge.
Would you please tell Luke
and Lisa I said goodbye?
Sure.
We have something for you.
Just a few snacks for the road.
I hope you girls enjoy them.
[FIO] Of course they will.
I made them, didn't I?
Ah. Thank you so much.
We're sad to see you go.
[CHARLOTTE]
Mrs. Cambell!
Take good care of yourself.
And don't push
yourself too hard.
[CHARLOTTE]
Yes, ma'am...
[sighs] I'm gonna miss
hanging out with you, Cecily.
And your hooters.
It always comes back
to the boobs.
I only hope my gazongas
are half the size of yours
when I'm your age!
--Hey!
--[ARIA chuckles]
[DORIS]
Um. Cecily?
I hope, someday,
our paths will cross again.
I'll be countin' down the days.
[DORIS chuckles]
[CHARLOTTE] Cecily? There's
something I need to tell you.
We came to Housman because
a man told us about Aria.
The same man who gave us
the four Demon Swords
and told us to attack.
Who was this man?
A gentleman by
the name of Siegfried.
Siegfried, you say?
[CHARLOTTE]
I don't know much about him,
but they say he controls demons.
[DORIS] C'mon, Miss Charlotte!
Let's get going!
[CHARLOTTE]
Give me just a second!
Thanks again for
everything you've done.
[CECILY]
Take care of yourself, okay?
And stay out of trouble.
[CHARLOTTE]
That shouldn't be a problem.
I've got my family
looking out for me.
Oh, and Cecily.
I've decided to drop the "E."
It was dumb anyway.
[CECILY chuckles]
I think your mother
would be very proud of you.
Besides, you'll always be
a princess to the girls
who helped raise you.
[CHARLOTTE]
Mm.